fixes for unsupported partitions field in CRD metadata block (#16604)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/services/usage/define-services.mdx

Create a file for the configuration entry and specify the required fields. If you are authoring `service-defaults` in HCL or JSON, the `Kind` and `Name` fields are required. On Kubernetes, the `apiVersion`, `kind`, and `metadata.name` fields are required. Refer to [Service Defaults Reference](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults) for details about the configuration options.

> If you use Consul Enterprise, you can also specify the `Namespace` and `Partition` fields to apply the configuration to services in specific network areas. In Kubernetes environments, For Kubernetes environments, the CRD inherits the partition from the cluster hosting the pods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Consul Enterprise, you can also specify the `Namespace` and `Partition` fields to apply the configuration to services in a specific namespace or partition. In Kubernetes environments, the config entry will always be created in the same partition as the Kubernetes cluster. 
```

Network areas is its own concept.
